feat(openspec): ML trained model deployment resource proposal (#3516)
elastic/terraform-provider-elasticstack: openspec/changes/elasticsearch-ml-trained-model-deployment/specs/elasticsearch-ml-trained-model-deployment/spec.md

## Schema

```hcl
resource "elasticstack_elasticsearch_ml_trained_model_deployment" "example" {
  id = <computed, string>  # internal identifier: <cluster_uuid>/<deployment_id>

  model_id      = <required, string>  # ForceNew; the trained model to deploy
  deployment_id = <optional+computed, string>  # ForceNew; custom deployment identifier; defaults to model_id when omitted

  number_of_allocations  = <optional, int>     # updatable; number of model allocations; suppressed when adaptive_allocations.enabled=true
  threads_per_allocation = <optional, int>     # ForceNew; threads used per allocation during inference
  priority               = <optional, string>  # ForceNew; "low" | "normal"
  queue_capacity         = <optional, int>     # ForceNew; max queued inference requests
  wait_for               = <optional, string>  # ForceNew; "starting" | "started" | "fully_allocated"; allocation state to wait for

>   api_timeout            = <optional, string>  # ForceNew; Go duration string; server-side start timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  wait_for               = <optional, string>  # "starting" | "started" | "fully_allocated"; allocation state to wait for; default: fully_allocated
  api_timeout            = <optional, string>  # Go duration string; server-side start timeout
```

Neither of these should be ForceNew, and by default we should wait for the deployment to be fully allocated.

The resource SHALL expose a computed `id` attribute in the format `<cluster_uuid>/<deployment_id>`. The `deployment_id` SHALL default to the value of `model_id` when not provided. Both `id` and `deployment_id` SHALL use `UseStateForUnknown` to preserve values across plans.

#### Scenario: ID set after create

- GIVEN a successful start operation
- WHEN create completes
- THEN `id` in state SHALL be `<cluster_uuid>/<deployment_id>`

#### Scenario: deployment_id defaults to model_id

- GIVEN `deployment_id` is not configured by the practitioner
- WHEN create runs
- THEN `deployment_id` in state SHALL equal `model_id`

### Requirement: Import (REQ-006)

The resource SHALL support import via `ImportStatePassthroughID` on the `id` attribute using the composite format `<cluster_uuid>/<deployment_id>`. After import, subsequent reads SHALL populate all computed attributes.

#### Scenario: Import by composite ID

- GIVEN a running deployment with a known composite ID
- WHEN imported via `terraform import ... <cluster_uuid>/<deployment_id>`
- THEN state SHALL reflect the current deployment state, deployment_id, state, and allocation_status

### Requirement: ForceNew attributes (REQ-007)

> The attributes `model_id`, `deployment_id`, `threads_per_allocation`, `priority`, `queue_capacity`, `wait_for`, and `api_timeout` SHALL be marked `RequiresReplace`. Any change to these attributes SHALL trigger destroy-then-create (stop the existing deployment and start a new one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attributes `model_id`, `deployment_id`, `threads_per_allocation`, `priority`, and `queue_capacity` SHALL be marked `RequiresReplace`. Any change to these attributes SHALL trigger destroy-then-create (stop the existing deployment and start a new one).
```
